# Smart-luggage-POC

Humanoid robotics is an emerging research field that has received significant attention during the past years and will continue to play an important role in robotics research and many applications of the 21st century and beyond. A significant awareness has been observed regarding the usage of such a technology In this rapid moving world, there is a need of robot such a “A Human Following Robot” that can interact and co-exist with them. Because of its human following capability,these robots can work as assistants for humans in various situations and it can also acquire or monitor certain information associated with the human subject. 

In this paper we present a prototype that uses Arduino Uno along with basic sensors such as ultrasonic and IR sensor.This project named called "SMART LUGGAGE" because it can follow humans and carry their luggages with the help of IR sensors and can co-exist with humans with more accuracy and in lesser time.This useful project is made to attempts to follow the right human or obstacle. From day to day work to  industries  automated equipment  carriers,the smart luggage can perform work easily in less time.In order for a robot to communicate and interact with the person, it should also be capable of following that particular person. Keeping this in mind, there should be a capacity in the robot to get information from the surroundings while persuing the required object. The primary goal of our work is to design and fabricate a robot that not only tracks the target but also moves towards it while doing the tracking.The main hindrance in this kind of work is that the detection of the target is a sensitive thing to carry out. The object has to be unique for the robot to recognize it and carry out the objective.Protecting the robot from collision with the object is another problem that needs to be tackled so in order to do this, a sensor is used.The ranges should be set properly for the desired environment on which to perform the tracking. The target should not be very far from the visual sensor as the distance matters a lot. The robot must be insensitive to environmental factors such as noise.

In order to have above desired output we have used Infrared sensors to move the robot in both the direction and ultrasonic sensor for both the forward and reverse direction. This robot is driven with four Dc motors and it is controlled by a motor driver shield with ATmega L293d .We used the Arduino Uno microcontroller as the brain of this project.

For a robot that performs autonomously, the communication between the person and the robot is the most important factor.To perform this task accurately, robot needs a mechanism that enables it to visualize the person and act accordingly.The main objective of designing this useful project is to make our life better and luxurious.Looking deeply into environment or our surroundings, we can interpret that there is a need of such robots that can assist humans and can serve them. Such a robot can be used for many purposes. With a few modifications, the robot can act as a human companion as well. The tasks these kind of robots can perform are limitless including assisting in carrying loads for people working in hospitals,military,shopping malls, libraries, airports etc. Ample amount of modifications could be done to this prototype for far and wide applications.

KEYWORDS: Human following, Human tracking,Luggage Carrier,Visual Imaging, Human Robot Interaction,Ultrasonic Sensor, IR Sensor,Arduino Micro Controller.
